What is the termination property?
What is the formula to express termination in operational semantics?
What is the formula to express termination in denotational semantics?
What is the determinacy property?
What is the formula to express determinacy in operational semantics?
What is the formula to express determinacy in denotational semantics?
What does it mean equivalence between programs?
What is the formula to express equivalence in operational semantics?
What is the formula to express equivalence in denotational semantics?
What is the difference between small-step and big-step semantics?
How to state the consistency between different semantics?
What is a congruence?
How to verify that an equivalence is a congruence?
What is the compositionality principle for denotational semantics?

What is a grammar?
What is a signature?
What are the terms generated by a signature?
What is the difference between an unsorted signature and a many sorted one?
What is a type system?
What is an inference rule?
What is a logical system?
What is a derivation?
What is a theorem in a logical system?

What is the unification problem?
What are the rules to solve the unification problem?

What is an infinite descending chain?
What is a well-founded relation?
What is a minimal element?
What is the well-founded induction principle?
How do other induction principles are derived from well-founded induction?
What is mathematical induction?
What is structural induction?
What is rule induction?
What is well-founded recursion?

What is a partial order?
What is a total order?
What is a discrete order?
What is a flat order?
What is a chain?
What is a finite chain?
What is the least element?
What is the bottom element
What is an upper bound?
What is a limit?
What is a complete partial order?
How to prove that a partial order is complete?
What is a monotone function?
How to prove that a function is monotone?
What is a continuous function?
How to prove that a function is continuous?
What is a fixpoint?
What is Kleene's fixpoint theorem?

What is the immediate consequence operator?
When is the immediate consequence operator continuous?
How can the immediate consequence operator used to compute the theorems of a logical theory?

What is the syntax of IMP?
What are the rules of the operational semantics of IMP?
How is the denotational semantics of IMP defined?
How to prove termination of arithmetic expressions?
How to prove determinacy of arithmetic expressions?
How to prove determinacy of commands?
Which rule to prove divergence of a command?

What is the lambda-notation?
What is alpha-conversion?
What is capture-avoiding substitution?

What is a pure functional programming language?
What is lazy evaluation?
What is ist comprehension in Haskell?
How is iteration achieved in Haskell?
What is the syntax for guards in function definition in Haskell?
What is the syntax for pattern matching in function definition in Haskell?
What is partial application?
What is a functional type?
What is a higher order function in Haskell?
What is the syntax for defining new data types in Haskell?
What is the syntax for defining new type classes in Haskell?

What is the syntax of HOFL?
What is the difference between pre-terms and terms in HOFL?
What is a closed term of HOFL?
What are the types of HOFL?
What are the rules of the type system of HOFL?
What is a principal type?
What is the style of the operational semantics of HOFL?
What is a canonical form?
What are the rules of the operational semantics of HOFL?
What is the difference between lazy and eager evaluation?

What is the domain Z_\bot?
How is the cartesian product domain defined?
How is the limit in a cartesian product domain defined?
What is the Switch Lemma?
How is the functional domain defined?
How is the limit in a functional domain defined?
How is the lifted domain defined?
How is the limit in a lifted domain defined?
How to prove continuity of a function f:D -> E x F?
How to prove continuity of a function f:D x E -> F?
How is the apply function defined?
How is the fix function defined?
What is the let notation?

What are the domains needed to define the denotational semantics of HOFL?
How is the denotational semantics of HOFL defined?
What is the Substitution Lemma?
What are the possible denotations of canonical HOFL terms?
Does the denotational semantics of closed HOFL terms depend on the environment?
What is the relation between the operational and denotational semantics of HOFL?
For which type the operational and denotational semantics are consistent?
Do operational and denotational convergence coincide in HOFL?
What is the unlifted denotational semantics of HOFL?

How are new processes created in Erlang?
What kind of communication is possible in Erlang?
What is a process identifier?
What is the syntax for sending messages in Erlang?
What is the syntax for receiving message in Erlang?
What is the meaning of the clause after?
How can pattern matching be used in receiving messages?

What is the syntax of CCS?
How is iteration achieved in CCS?
What is the style of the operational semantics of CCS?
What are the labels of the operational semantics of CCS?
What are the rules of the operational semantics of CCS?
What is a finitely branching process?
What is a guarded process?
How can value-passing be encoded in CCS?
Why graph isomorphism is not a good candidate as an equivalence for CCS?
What is trace equivalence?
Why trace equivalence is not a good candidate as an equivalence for CCS?
What are the rules of the bisimulation game?
What is a strong bisimulation?
What is the difference between bisimulation and bisimilarity?
How to prove that two process are strong bisimilar?
Under which operations are strong bisimulations closed?
How to prove that strong bisimilarity is an equivalence relation?
How to prove that strong bisimilarity is a strong bisimulation?
How to prove that strong bisimilarity is a congruence?
How can strong bisimilarity be expressed as a least fixpoint?
What is the Knaster-Tarski Theorem?
What are some of the equivalence laws satisfied by strong bisimilarity?

What is the syntax of Hennessy-Milner logic?
What is the converse of a HML formula?
How is the satisfaction relation defined for HML formulas?
How is HML logical equivalence between processes defined?
What is the relation between HML logical equivalence and strong bisimilarity?
How to prove that two finitely branching processes are not strong bisimilar?

What is a weak transition?
How is the weak bisimulation game defined?
What is a weak bisimulation?
What is a weak bisimilarity?
Is weak bisimilarity an equivalence relation?
Is weak bisimilarity a weak bisimulation?
Why can weak bisimilarity be more convenient to use than strong bisimilarity?
Why is weak bisimilarity not a congruence?
What is the weak observational congruence?
What are Milner's tau laws?

How can imperative programs be encoded in CCS?
How can sequential composition of commands be encoded in CCS?
How can CCS be used to verify program properties?

What is CAAL?
What are the features implemented in CAAL?
Which equivalences can be checked using CAAL?
Which formulas can be checked using CAAL?

What is the syntax of LTL?
What is a linear structure?
How is the satisfaction relation defined for LTL formulas?
When are two LTL formulas equivalent?
How can Finally be expressed using Until?
How can Globally be expressed using Finally?

What is the syntax of CTL*?
What is a branching structure?
How is the satisfaction relation defined for CTL* formulas?
When are two CTL* formulas equivalent?
How can Always be expressed using Possibly?

How is CTL defined?
What is a minimal set of operators for CTL?
What is the relation between the expressive powers of LTL, CTL, CTL*?

What is the syntax of the mu-calculus?
Why only positive normal forms are considered?
How is the semantics of mu-calculus formulas defined?
How to express deadlock freedom in the mu-calculus?
How to mutual exclusion in the mu-calculus?
How to write an invariant property in the mu-calculus?
How to write a possibly formula in the mu-calculus?
How can bisimilarity be exploited in model verification?

How are goroutines launched in Google Go?
How is a channel created in Google Go?
How is asynchronous communication possible in Google Go?
What are the possible decorations for channel types in Google Go?
What is the syntax for sending messages in Google Go?
What is the syntax for receiving messages in Google Go?
What is the syntax and meaning of the select construct in Google Go?

What is the syntax of pi-calculus?
What is scope extrusion?
What is the style of the operational semantics of the pi-calculus?
What are the labels of the operational semantics of the pi-calculus?
What are the rules of the operational semantics of the pi-calculus?
What is a fresh name?
What is the difference between early and late bisimulation?
What is the relation between early and late bisimilarities?
Why early/late bisimilarities are not congruences?

What is a sigma-field?
What is a probability space?
How is conditional probability defined?
What is a random variable?
What is a stochastic process?
What is the Markov property?
What is time independence property?
What is a Markov chain?
What is a homogeneous Markov chain?

What is a DTMC?
How can a DTMC be represented as a matrix?
How can a DTMC be represented as a transition system?
What is a transition function?
How to compute the state distribution at a next instant of time?
How to compute the state distribution at a time t?
How to compute a finite path probability?
What is the steady state distribution?
What is an ergodic DTMC?
How is the steady state distribution computed for an ergodic DTMC?

How are the probability law and the probability density related?
What is the (negative) exponential distribution?
What is a CTMC?
What is the embedded DTMC of a CTMC?
What is the infinitesimal matrix generator of a CTMC?
How are stationary distributions computed for a CTMC?

How can the notion of bisimulation be exported to DTMC/CTMC?
How is CTMC bisimulation defined?
How is DTMC bisimulation defined?
What is the effect of deadlock states for DTMC bisimilarity?
What is a reactive probabilistic transition system?
How is reactive bisimulation defined?
What is the syntax of Larsen-Skou logic?
How is the notion of satisfaction defined for Larsen-Skou formulas?
What is the relation between reactive bisimilarity and Larsen-Skou logic?

What is the motivation for introducing PEPA?
What are the mutual benefits for Process Algebras and CTMC in PEPA?
What is the PEPA workflow?
What is the difference between qualitative and quantitative analysis?
What are the differences between CCS and CSP?
What is the syntax of PEPA?
What is the style of the operational semantics of PEPA?
What are the labels of the operational semantics of PEPA?
What are the rules of the operational semantics of PEPA?
What is the apparent rate of a process?
